here's a quick joke two geniuses are
walking down the street one genius says
to the other
hey you look down in the dumps what's
the gray matter
i didn't say it was a good joke okay you
big brain person you
here's another challenging quandary of
riddles to solve
ted is a lucky game show winner he can
pick one of the three prizes
a brand new mercedes a louis vuitton
purse or
a macbook which one should he choose
think carefully
he can only get one prize
[Music]
look at the mercedes its logo is wrong
so it must be fake
the same goes for the purse that's what
louis vuitton's real logo looks like
but the macbook seems to be okay at
least at first sight
so let's go for it a car thief
appeared in a little town every night a
car went missing
first it was mr smith's red vehicle
the next day it was mr holm's pink car
and last night it was mrs tanner's white
ford
the town's detective is going to stop
the criminal
take a look at the four cars that are
still out there and help the man
understand which car is going to be
stolen next
there are four cars left yellow blue
green
and black the first car that was stolen
was red
the word red has three letters the next
one was pink
there are four letters in pink the third
vehicle was white
and the word white has five letters it
means the next card to be stolen is
going to be yellow
because there are six letters in this
word as best i can
count mr jones was going on vacation
in the evening of his last day at work
he cleaned up his office and
left taking the key with him when the
man came back
two weeks later he immediately realized
someone had broken into his office while
he had been gone
how did he figure it out
mr jones cleaned everything and took out
the trash
but have a look at the garbage can now
there's some paper inside
esme got lost in the forest she was
wandering around
all day long and couldn't find a way out
finally at dusk
she saw a spooky house where a witch
lived
esme had nowhere else to go so she
entered the house and asked the witch to
help her
the witch offered esme to play a game
i'll tell you a riddle
if you get the answer right i'll take
you out of the forest
but if you make a mistake i'll keep you
here as my maid forever
esme had no choice but to agree here's
what the witch said
it has cities but doesn't have a single
house
it has mountains but not a single tree
it has water but no fish what is it can
you help
as me
it's a map students got an assignment
for their summer break
they had to start learning a new
language it could be any language they
like
when a new semester started the teacher
asked the students how it had been going
mark said he had been learning brazilian
and enjoying it
genevieve said she'd chosen ukrainian
ben said he'd been learning arabic it
turned out to be
very hard but interesting but the
teacher didn't believe one of the
students
who was lying
[Music]
she didn't believe mark who had said he
had been studying brazilian
there's no brazilian language people
speak portuguese in brazil
oliver came back home and found a love
letter in his mailbox
it was a very sweet one but the sender
didn't write their name
however there was a little note at the
end
j plus one b minus one
r plus two h minus three
oliver has four suspects jane alex
leah and kate can you tell which one of
them wrote the love letter to oliver
[Music]
the note is the hint of course and the
alphabet
is the key j plus one means the next
letter in the alphabet
which is k b minus one means one
letter before b which is a two letters
after
r is t and finally three letters before
h there's e so the secret admirer
is kate while a very rich gentleman was
having his three-month vacation
three months his mansion was burgled
the police were notified and the
detective started the investigation
there were three people caught on the
security camera they were interrogated
max the owner's old friend said he had
come
several times to collect the mail gwen
the housemaid
said she had visited three days before
to clean the house
ronnie the gardener said he had been
coming every week to take care of the
garden
all of them denied stealing anything but
the detective didn't believe
one of them who was lying
he didn't believe gwen she said she'd
clean the house three days before
but look around there's dust and dark
stains everywhere
it doesn't look like it's been cleaned
recently so
she must be lying a long time ago
in norway a princess was taken away she
was locked in a small room on a tiny
island in the middle of a huge lake
even if she managed to get out of the
room she wouldn't be able to reach the
shore
on the island there were no trees or any
tool she could use
it means she couldn't build a boat and
still
half a year later the princess managed
to escape and returned home
all by herself how did she do it
it happened in norway it's cold there in
the winter as soon as the lake froze
over
the princess walked on the ice and
escaped
mrs brown called the hospital and said
her husband had been hurt
when the doctor arrived she led him to
the bathroom
the man was lying on the floor inside
she said the bathroom
door had been opened and she saw
everything when it happened
her husband was washing his hands but
slipped and hid his head on the sink
the doctor didn't believe her and called
the police
why
look at how the man's lying his head is
on the opposite side of the sink
he couldn't have fallen like that a
tired mother of three daughters
came home late after work she found the
kitchen
all messy it seemed one of her daughters
made a sandwich but didn't clean after
herself
the mother walked upstairs and found all
three of them doing their homework
she asked who had made the sandwich but
all the girls
hannah della and emily denied making one
still the mother could tell who was
lying
look at the kitchen and the girls
carefully who do you think is guilty
and how did the mother understand who
was lying
there's some butter on the right side of
the knife
it means the person who made the
sandwich is left-handed
there's only one left-handed girl in the
family and that's emily
so it must have been her all the money
from the city's bank was stolen
right in the middle of the day but no
one noticed that
several days later the room where the
money used to be stored
was found completely empty there was
just one note
saying 7718 the police arrested the
three most known criminals in the city
bill mark and cole but the officers
didn't know which of them was guilty
they invited a famous detective to crack
the mysterious note
and he managed to do it immediately can
you do it too
turn the paper upside down this way the
numbers turn into a name
bill he must be the culprit now
wait if bill isn't quite that dumb to
name himself
did someone else frame bill for the
robbery hey just thinking out loud here
moving on deviant found his friend aaron
in his room
the guy was poisoned deviant called the
police
when the officers arrived he told them
he had been walking past oliver's house
and noticed the light in his room was on
he came up to the window to check who
was inside
his friend or his brother it was cold
and there was frost on the window
so he wiped it away to see who was
inside when deviant saw oliver lying on
the floor
he called the police the officers didn't
believe the guy
and immediately arrested him why
deviant said he'd wipe the frost off the
window to see better
but he couldn't possibly do it frost
forms on the inner surface of the window
now let's check how well you know logos
in each pair
you'll have to pick the correct one what
does the apple logo look like
try to recall the one on ted's macbook
the second logo is correct okay here's
instagram
do you remember what its icon looks like
yes this small dot must be in the right
corner
so the first logo is correct i bet you
see it every day
what's the real google logo
it's the second one first the red o
then the yellow one which one is the
correct
burger king logo
of course it's a second one now i'm
hungry
if you play video games you must know it
if not
well try yourself which playstation logo
is correct
[Music]
the second one okay now
a tough one which tick-tock logo is
correct
[Music]
it's the first one check it out if you
don't believe me